---
title: "New York, New York"
date: "2017-06-09"
section: "1"
chapter: "04"
note: "This chapter includes something that I chose to not include in the original stories. You'll see what it is."
contentwarning: "18+ Content"
---

Summer 2017 was a really good summer.

Tyler and I didn't really become friends at all during Freshmen year. Nor did anything really happen besides the normal. I did discover I was gay sometime in January to Febuary, so that was neat.

The new high school was cool. We got a whole three hours for lunch unless you were in an extracurricular like I was on the basketball team, but I still got one day where it was three hours. Everyone there was so cool.

I spent the summer like I normally did in New York City. My cousin Josh recently got his own place, so I stayed there. It was at  432 Park Avenue. Yes, that  432 Park Avenue.

"There's barely anyone here," he said as the armored door to his home closed behind us. "Not that it really matters for me, but it's nice to have space even if I can't see that space."

The place was *huge*. He had the floor plan that was 2/3rds of a floor. A hallway hugged the inside of the apartment but opened up in the living area. It was a mansion 1500 feet above ground.

"This is *amazing*!" Jessica walked around the living area. "How much did this cost you?"

"*Jessica*," I said.

Josh gave me a weird look. "Little under 12 million. I got it from a friend so he gave me a discount."

Jessica threw herself on one of the window seats. It was very late and Jessica and I were tired after our flight. Our bags and my computer had already been brought up and unpacked and we had already ate the best pizza I have ever had. I was ready to collapse.

"Do you want some wine?"

"***Yes***" both Jessica and I said immediately.

---

Josh had a wine rack in his kitchen. Jessica and I sat on the other side of the Island. He chose a Californian Zinfandel. The bottle was black with a gold-colored label. He grabbed three glasses from the cupboard and opened the bottle with an opener. The wine was rich slightly fruity, and a bit dry. I was not (and am not) good at picking out specific flavors from wine.

We had a slow conversation with pauses in between almost every sentence:

"So how's high school?" Josh asked me.

That was a simple question with a complicated answer. For one, I found out that I was gay, but nobody but me and a couple friends knew yet. I also got really into playing basketball and my coach said that I would probably be a backup point next year.

"Good. You?"

"Also good."

We drank.

"I hear you're playing basketball."

"I am. It's going well."

...

"What do you play?"

"Wing mostly. I'm going to be a point guard next year."

"That's good."

We drank some more.

"Hey what is the school like?" Jessica asked me. She would be a freshman the next year. Josh went to private school as would be expected, but I and now Jessica go to a charter school that has super high funding.

"I haven't told you?"

"Nope."

"...Uhh... Imagine if high school and college had a baby."

Jessica nodded and Josh let out a "hmm."

...

"You excited to be in high school?"

"It's daunting," my sister said.

...

My sister tends to learn things from movies. "Don't be daunted by it. It really isn't that bad, or at least it isn't at this school. You'll be fine."

I poured myself another glass. "Where did you get this?"

"Same place I get all my wines," Josh answered, "I order like 10 after someone recommends it to me."

...

"Can I have one of these?" I studied the back of the bottle. It didn't contain any information other than where it was grown, alcohol content, etc.

"Sure. Remind me tomorrow."

I definitely would.

...

"Do you have a girlfriend, boyfriend?" Josh asked me.

I didn't and Josh and I have a bad habit of not talking to each other outside of summer. "No."

"I do. Her name is Mona."

...

"Where'd you meet?"

"Calculus, then we shared 2 classes the Spring semester"

"Mona?" I said to say something.

"Yeah. She's... She's a really amazing person."

...

"What do you like about her?"

"Everything. Her voice, her mannerisms, her smile. She's a real lady."

...

"Is she a princess?" Jessica asked.

"No."

...

"What's her last name?" Jessica was wanting information about her family.

"LeBrario."

I didn't recognize that, and judging by her face, neither did Jessica.

"You won't recognize the name, though. It's just Mona and their parents. They got lucky I guess and got her into a private school."

Jessica and I understood.

...

"Another bottle?" Josh asked. We had emptied it already between the questions and answers. Jessica and I had no objection to that.

Josh got what seemed to be a random bottle from the rack. It was an Italian white something. I don't remember the specific variety and I probably never knew.

I drank what was left in my glass and tried some of the white wine. I didn't like it as much—I don't particularly like white wine—but it was really good white wine.

"Do you guys have sex?" Jessica asked.

"*Jessica*."

"She's all good, Anthony. And yes, a couple times."

"What was it like?"

Josh clearly didn't immidiately know how to answer that. 

"...I guess it was umm... hot? Interesting?"

"Did you like it?"

"I would say so, yes. Why are you asking?"

"She's curious," I said.

Jessica glared at me.

"She asks me all the time," I said, "I don't have any answers, unfortunately."

"I do *not*!" her glare turned into anger.

"Yes you do. At least once a month."

"No I don't."

"Yes you do. And every time I say that I haven't had sex. You never remember."

"I don't remember because I don't ask you that often."

I shook my head and drank more of the wine.

...

"Have you gone on any dates at least?" Josh asked me.

I actually did go on a date with a girl in the fall. I was kind of questioning at the time. But I guess I didn't actually like the date because I can't rememer the name of the girl.

"Yes, once in the fall?"

"You went on a date? You never told me,.." Jessica said.

"Well you should have asked along with your monthly sex inquiry."

/Jessica rolled her eyes.

...

"Who'd you do it with?" she asked.

I said her name, then continued: "She was in my econ class."

...

"Why no second date?" Josh asked.

"I didn't like her."

"That's it?" he pressed, "you 'didn't like her?'"

I finished my glass and poured another, "Not enough similar interests as I thought. Her mannerisms also put me off for some reason."

Josh decided he wouldn't press any further.

He drank. "So how's all the computer stuff going?"

"Which stuff?" I asked. There's school related stuff, and then there's some work I've been doing with The Insurance Company.

...

"All of it."

...

"Well my school is going well. I've finished AP computer science and am doing a robotics and a networks class next year."

"Impressive," Josh said after a drink.

"As per The Insurance Company, we've been working on auditory implants."

"What's that?" my sister asked.

...

"It would be a device that sits behind your ear. It interrupts the signal your ears send to your brain and inserts or removes audio."

"What for?" Josh looked confused.

"Uninterpretable communication, ideally. We're quite far along actually. It can insert and remove audio just fine, the issue is how it stays charged forever and how its communication works. There's only so much space we have to work with and long range communication, especially satellite communication, is power hungry."

"Satellite communication?"

"One of the main things it could do is send out an SOS beacon. And because it's an implant you can't have it taken away from you."

"Cool." my sister said.

"And we're planning on it working with Bluetooth and lossless WiFi audio too. Music directly in your ears."

"Cooollllllll..." my sister smiled.

And suddenly the second bottle was empty. Josh, without consulting with us, grabbed a smaller clear bottle. It was an orange muscat dessert wine, one of my favorites. I finished off what was in my glass and waited for some of the wine to be poured.

It was the dryest orange muscat I have ever had. It was flavorful, and it was sweet. It was the second best muscat I had tried at the time, and probably still is. 

...

"What did you score on the AP test?" Josh asked.

"The scores won't be out till July."

"Oh."

...

"But I probably got a 4. I fucked up on at least one of the free response questions."

"How do you know that?"

"Um... I went through the question with a friend after the test. We had conflicting answers. We worked through it and I was wrong."

"How much is that question worth?"

"Enough to bring me down to a 4 if I messed up enough multiple choice, which I probably did."

It had been twenty minutes and at least five big glasses of wine and I was already quite drunk. And if I was drunk so were the other two. I think they started to slur their words slightly at this point. I made a conscious note to slow myself down.

...

"What do you do during sex?" my sister asked.

Both of us gave Jessica a look.

"Guys, I know how sex works." she pressed her fingertips against her temples, "I was just wondering what *you*, Josh, generally do."

"*Jessica*..."

"Dude,.. I've already said she's *fine*."

We had eye content for a moment.

"We haven't done much... Mostly missionary."

"Cool." my sister said.

Josh took the rest of the moscato for himself. Jessica clearly wanted it but it was Josh's wine.

"Why are you so interested in sex?" Josh asked.

Jessica shrugged and drank wine as she considered her response. She made her body smaller as she couldn't come up with one.

...

"High school isn't all about sex, Jessica." Josh said. I agreed.

...

"Well I know that."

"I know you know that."

Josh and Jessica stared at each other.

"You're just curious, then?"

...

"I guess I am."

"It's good to be curious."

"I know. Can you stop talking to me like I'm 10 years old?"

"Sorry. I'm drunk, and so are you. I don't know how to say what I'm trying to say."

...

Jessica looked at me. I knew that look. "Don't," I said. "Don't ask-"

"Can I see your penis?" she asked.

I immediately tried to apologize.

"-Sure!" Josh said

---

Josh finished his wine and stood up.

I recovered from what was almost shock and was now in some form of light disbelief: "*What are you doing?*"

Josh stopped and looked at me, "What do you think I'm doing?"

"...Are you going to show us your dick?"

"Correct!" Josh said with a smile.

I groaned and leaned back in my stool, "I'm to drunk for this shit..."

I could hear Josh unbuckling his belt. I groaned again and stood up.

"Come on, man, don't leave." Josh said to me.

"*I'm not laeving.*"

I stumbled over to the counter and grabbed a Pinot Nior at mostly random. Pinot Nior happens to be the heaviest kind of wine I like.

By the time I turned around Josh's pants were at his knees and his dick was flopping around. I haven't seen him naked lately, and come to think of it definitely not since I found out I was gay. The three of us used to swim together more often when we were young.

I opened bottle number four and poured some into my glass that I grabbed from across the island.

I was getting tired of room tempurature wine. The Pinot Nior was too acidic and dry for me as well.

I looked back up after I finished my glass. Jessica had moved on to grabbing Josh's penis.

"Can you get it hard?" Josh shuttered as she touched his penis.

"Not usually without a bit of timne."

"Can you do it?"

"Not here."

"Where.?"

"..Hey,.. Anthony,.. do you want to take a shower?"

I finished my glass, "Together?"

"Yeah," he smiled.

Josh and I had actually fooled around a few times before, mostly in the shower. And by "fooled around" I mean we would touch each other's dicks and play games naked. Nothing major.

That being said, I'm gay.

"Not really..."

"C'mon man, you're going to shower anyway....It'll be fun."

"Sure, whatever..."

"Yay." Josh said. We were so drunk.

Josh stripped right then and there. I grabbed the wine bottle and followed him to his shower

---

Josh, Jessica, and I have a bad habit of sometimes drinking alcohol really quickly when we're together. We all know exactly how much we can safely drink, and we were all around that level. It just causes us to unexpectedly get *really* drunk whenever we do it.

I don't know where the other two were, but I'm the most heavyweight of us three and they had to be ahead of me.

I was normal drunk when I stood up to follow Josh. Halfway to his shower, the weight of two glasses of wine hit me and I was properly nearly-wasted. I nearly fell over

"Are you okay?" Jessica was right in front of me.

"Yep . I'm fine." I was definitely going to slow down.

As expected, Josh's bedroom was huge. We walked through his closet into his bathroom. The bathroom was about 15% smaller than my bedroom at the time. I set the bottle down on the vanity.

Josh went to turn the shower on.

The alcohol was certaintly influencing me. Josh was so hot. He is a football player and has a beautiful toned butt. I wanted to grab it.

His shower was big. Not huge. But more than sizable for three people.

Josh stepped out and got three towels out of a cabinet. He threw them on a wooden bench next to the shower.

"Get naked." Josh said.

Neither of us really understood that.

"Unless you want to shower in your clothes."

Jessica and I stripped. I kicked my clothes into a pile on one of the sides of the room.

The three of us looked at each other breifly.

...

It took a minute for the shower to start steaming. Josh checked the tempurature then stepped in without saying anything. I guess that meant the shower was good. I got in before Jessica.

The water was a perfect tempurature. Josh took the second shower head and put it on a different mount. There were three of us and two showers. We'd have to take turns. Josh was already shampooing. I elected myself to go second.

I kept glancing at Josh's body a couple times as I shampooed myself.

...

"You wan na see me hard?" Josh asked when he was finished washing his hair.

Jessica nodded. Her arms were folded. She was probably cold. Josh moved out of the stream and Jessica took his place. Josh squirted a bit of soap into his hands and  rubbed his hands together with some water. He leaned up against the wall and started masturbating.

And it was *hot*. I guess I was going to let go at this point.

Jessica ran water through her hair as she watched. Josh was hard within 30 seconds.

"Can I touch it?"

"Yes"

Josh moved over to Jessica. She grabbed his shaft and started stroking it.

The water was so warm. I stood still and watched as it rushed over me. It felt so good.

Before I knew it, *I* was hard. I pleasured myself a bit. It wasn't comfortable due to the water.

At this point I was near my blackout limit. I've only been there once before but I still knew about where it was. I didn't know about everyone else. Just because I'm a heavyweight doesn't mean anything to how low or high my blackout limit is.

Before I knew it, Josh was pushing me up against the wall by my chest. I had gotten lost in myself and this kind of startled me. Jessica was behind him. He rested his other hand on my hip. I didn't have the mental capacity to really resist or question anything at this point. I grabbed his butt cheek with my right hand. It was *very* toned.

He kissed me. Jessica must have dared him to or something. It was more of him biting my lip with his but I didn't mind. This lasted a while. I pulled his body towards mine until we were pressed together. It was so hot. I almost finished right then. 

Josh pulled away away from me after a bit and kissed Jessica. Then she came up to me and kissed me. I pressed myself up against the wall. I guess we were skipping the washing ourselves part.

Jessica got on her knees and started sucking my dick. I hadn't had anyone else do that to me yet but she was bad at it. It wasn't pleasurable either because of how wet we all were. Josh guided my torso to twist to the right. He kissed me on the lips again, this time slightly better. He kissed my neck. I touched him everywhere I could.

My memory was really starting to fade at this point and I don't remember too much, just the order of things.

I somehow ended up on my knees with Josh on the wall. I was sucking his dick and Jessica was doing something else above me/to my side. I firmly held his hips with one hand and pleasured myself with the other.

Josh pushed my head off his dick. I looked up at him, trying to avoid getting water in my eyes. His dick was right above my eyes.

"Can you get on aol fours?" he asked. I was so turned on I didn't even ask why.

Josh apparently wanted to dry hump me. I stuck my butt up in the air. The shower water was directly hitting my shoulders. It felt so good. I desperately wanted Josh inside me.

I blacked out sometime after he ejaculated on me.

---

I woke up next morning with a very predictable hangover. I grabbed the glass of water that someone, likely me, put on my nightstand.

I then grabbed my phone. It was 9 in the morning.

I was in my own pajamas and I felt clean, but I was still horny, and had morning wood. I must had not gotten the chance to finish last night. Or I was just horny and had morning wood. I didn't need to pee that much.

...

I sighed. I wasn't going to be getting anywhere soon without taking care of this. I stood up to grab something from wherever my bathroom was.  When I found it I realized that I had very sloppily unpacked a bunch of stuff, and then sloppily put it in a pile. I grabbed my travel bottle of hand lotion.

I took off my pajamas and sat on the toilet. I relieved myself first.

I thought about last night. I thought about Josh and his body and kissing him and touching him. I thought about what we must had done after I blacked out. I imagined touching his perfect butt. I imagined the same situation as last night, but with Josh inside me. I didn't last long after that.

---

I showered quickly and got dressed. I finished what was left of the glass of water. I realized that I smelled eggs. I got dressed and went to the source of the smell. There was a woman there cooking what appeared to be two cartons worth of scrambled eggs.

Josh was there too. I stared at him to get a reaction. How much did he remember? He waved at me.

"Good morning," the woman said after she saw me.

"Good morning."

"Drink," she pointed at a drink dispenser with cucumber water in it and glasses next to it. I got a glass of it and sat down.

"This is my maid, Stephanie."

She smiled at me.

"Hi, Stephanie."

Josh continued, "She is usualy only over on request but she came over this morning due to a text I sent."

Stephanie laughed, "Happy to help!"

Josh spoke just to me: "I sent her 'Mac and Cheese tastes so good' but spelled "Mohave and Cheese tests so goof.' That's all the information she needs apparently."

Jessica joined us shortly after Stephanie finished up the eggs. I couldn't tell if she could remember anything either. She probably didn't.

---

Hi. This chapter is certainty different from the others. Here's some answers to what I think will be common questions:

* Josh is straight. If anyone asks me if Josh is gay I will find a way to ban from the Internet.
* Josh knows I'm gay. I told him the next year.
* We haven't talked about this at all since.
* We haven't done anything like this again.
* The eggs were really good. Stephanie added shredded cheese, cream, basil, and probably something else.
